doc: improve docs (#13)
denoland/terraform-provider-deno: docs/resources/certificate_provisioning.md

page_title: "deno_certificate_provisioning Resource - terraform-provider-deno"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   A resource for an automatic certificate provisioning of a custom domain.
>   In order to assoaicte a custom domain with a deployment, certificates needs to be ready in some way. For more information regarding the setup process, please refer to the doc of deno_domain resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A resource for automatically provisioning TLS certificates for a custom domains. To associate a custom domain with a deployment, certificates must be available. Please refer to the deno_domain resource documentation for more information.
```
